README.md, before:

![libWiiPy](https://github.com/NinjaCheetah/libWiiPy/assets/58050615/80093c68-b86e-4b96-87b7-db3855382ca8)
# libWiiPy
libWiiPy is a modern Python 3 library for interacting with and editing files from the Wii. It aims to be simple to use, well maintained, and offer as many features as reasonably possible in one library, so that a newly-written Python program could reasonably do 100% of its Wii-related work with just one library. It also aims to be fully cross-platform, so that any tools written with it can also be cross-platform.

libWiiPy is inspired by [libWiiSharp](https://github.com/TheShadowEevee/libWiiSharp), originally created by `Leathl`, now maintained by [@TheShadowEevee](https://github.com/TheShadowEevee). libWiiSharp is absolutely the way to go if you need a C# library for Wii files.

**Note:** While libWiiPy is directly inspired by libWiiSharp and aims to have feature parity with it, no code from either libWiiSharp or Wii.py was used in the making of this library. All code is original and is written by [@NinjaCheetah](https://github.com/NinjaCheetah), [@rvtr](https://github.com/rvtr), and any other GitHub contributors.

# Usage
A wiki, and in the future a potential documenation site, is being worked on, and can be accessed [here](https://github.com/NinjaCheetah/libWiiPy/wiki). It is currently fairly barebones, but it will be improved in the future.

The easiest way to get libWiiPy for your project is to install the latest version of the library from PyPI, as shown below. 
```sh
pip install -U libWiiPy
```
Our PyPI project page can be found [here](https://pypi.org/project/libWiiPy/).

Because libWiiPy is very early in development, you may want to use the latest version of the package via git instead, so that you have the latest features available. You can do that like this:
```sh
pip install -U git+https://github.com/NinjaCheetah/libWiiPy
```
Please be aware that because libWiiPy is in a very early state right now, many features may be subject to change, and methods and properties available now have the potential to disappear in the future.

# Building
To build this package locally, the steps are quite simple, and should apply to all platforms. Make sure you've set up your `venv` first!

First, install the dependencies from `requirements.txt`:
```py
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Then, build the package using the Python `build` module:
```py
python -m build
```

And that's all! You'll find your compiled pip package in `dist/`.

# Special Thanks
This project wouldn't be possible without the amazing people behind its predecessors and all of the people who have contributed to the documentation of the Wii's inner workings over at [Wiibrew](https://wiibrew.org).

## Special Thanks for the Inspiration and Previous Projects
- Xuzz, SquidMan, megazig, Matt_P, Omega and The Lemon Man for creating Wii.py
- Leathl for creating libWiiSharp
- TheShadowEevee for maintaining libWiiSharp

## Special Thanks to Wiibrew Contributors
Thank you to all of the contributors to the documentation on the Wiibrew pages that make this all understandable! Some of the key articles referenced are as follows:
- [Title metadata](https://wiibrew.org/wiki/Title_metadata), for the documentation on how a TMD is structured
- [WAD files](https://wiibrew.org/wiki/WAD_files), for the documentation on how a WAD is structured
- [IOS history](https://wiibrew.org/wiki/IOS_history), for the documentation on IOS TIDs and how IOS is versioned

### One additional special thanks to [@DamiDoop](https://github.com/DamiDoop)!
She made the very cool banner you can see at the top of this README, and has also helped greatly with my sanity throughout debugging this library.

Commit message:

Added "Features" section to README.md

README.md, after:

![libWiiPy](https://github.com/NinjaCheetah/libWiiPy/assets/58050615/80093c68-b86e-4b96-87b7-db3855382ca8)
# libWiiPy
libWiiPy is a modern Python 3 library for interacting with and editing files from the Wii. It aims to be simple to use, well maintained, and offer as many features as reasonably possible in one library, so that a newly-written Python program could reasonably do 100% of its Wii-related work with just one library. It also aims to be fully cross-platform, so that any tools written with it can also be cross-platform.

libWiiPy is inspired by [libWiiSharp](https://github.com/TheShadowEevee/libWiiSharp), originally created by `Leathl`, now maintained by [@TheShadowEevee](https://github.com/TheShadowEevee). libWiiSharp is absolutely the way to go if you need a C# library for Wii files.

**Note:** While libWiiPy is directly inspired by libWiiSharp and aims to have feature parity with it, no code from either libWiiSharp or Wii.py was used in the making of this library. All code is original and is written by [@NinjaCheetah](https://github.com/NinjaCheetah), [@rvtr](https://github.com/rvtr), and any other GitHub contributors.

# Features
This list will expand as libWiiPy is developed, but these features are currently available:
- TMD, ticket, and WAD parsing
- Title Key and content decryption and extraction
- Content encryption and WAD packing

# Usage
A wiki, and in the future a potential documenation site, is being worked on, and can be accessed [here](https://github.com/NinjaCheetah/libWiiPy/wiki). It is currently fairly barebones, but it will be improved in the future.

The easiest way to get libWiiPy for your project is to install the latest version of the library from PyPI, as shown below. 
```sh
pip install -U libWiiPy
```
Our PyPI project page can be found [here](https://pypi.org/project/libWiiPy/).

Because libWiiPy is very early in development, you may want to use the latest version of the package via git instead, so that you have the latest features available. You can do that like this:
```sh
pip install -U git+https://github.com/NinjaCheetah/libWiiPy
```
Please be aware that because libWiiPy is in a very early state right now, many features may be subject to change, and methods and properties available now have the potential to disappear in the future.

# Building
To build this package locally, the steps are quite simple, and should apply to all platforms. Make sure you've set up your `venv` first!

First, install the dependencies from `requirements.txt`:
```py
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Then, build the package using the Python `build` module:
```py
python -m build
```

And that's all! You'll find your compiled pip package in `dist/`.

# Special Thanks
This project wouldn't be possible without the amazing people behind its predecessors and all of the people who have contributed to the documentation of the Wii's inner workings over at [Wiibrew](https://wiibrew.org).

## Special Thanks for the Inspiration and Previous Projects
- Xuzz, SquidMan, megazig, Matt_P, Omega and The Lemon Man for creating Wii.py
- Leathl for creating libWiiSharp
- TheShadowEevee for maintaining libWiiSharp

## Special Thanks to Wiibrew Contributors
Thank you to all of the contributors to the documentation on the Wiibrew pages that make this all understandable! Some of the key articles referenced are as follows:
- [Title metadata](https://wiibrew.org/wiki/Title_metadata), for the documentation on how a TMD is structured
- [WAD files](https://wiibrew.org/wiki/WAD_files), for the documentation on how a WAD is structured
- [IOS history](https://wiibrew.org/wiki/IOS_history), for the documentation on IOS TIDs and how IOS is versioned

### One additional special thanks to [@DamiDoop](https://github.com/DamiDoop)!
She made the very cool banner you can see at the top of this README, and has also helped greatly with my sanity throughout debugging this library.
